# Extended 2FA

This is progressive web app (PWA) which is a browser based application same as Google/Microsoft Authenticator.

## How this project originated
- After being present in Google I/O 2021 xD
- I was reading about TOTP earlier and liked the concept in general and the security it gives
- Got to know about Google's Project Fugu and the WebAuthn API.
- PWAs are good :D.


## Why use this
- It's open source.
- It works in browser with minimal installation.
- It's just 2.3 MB after installation (after installation).

To get into the app you have to use platform authentication methods. If not available it won't be asked ever again.
You can scan the QR code generated by the provider and your credentials will appear in the main screen.


Here is how you can use it:
- Authorize with fingerprint
- Here the `Add to Home Screen` panel may appear. Install through that or open the 3 dot menu and click on Install App.
- Click in the ADD button
- Scan the QR code provided [Fakes can be generated at https://stefansundin.github.io/2fa-qr/]
- Your credentials will be added
- Use the OTP generated from the main page (Platform authentication might be required)

## Caveats
- This app works on Google Chrome only as of now (Generate a PRs if you want to ;))
- The credentials are stored in localStorage so use USB debugging with caution
- The labels are not required to be unique in this application

## TODO
- Browser based QR decoder (Work going on in `browser-qr` branch)
- Better UI (Obv. I mostly work in backend)

<br>
<br>
<br>

Please generate a issue if you face any problems (Unexpected CPU usage, problems in scanning, Offline problems)

PRs are heartily welcomed.

## License
This project is covered under the MIT license.